Docsite: add Community guide (#177)
ansible-community/antsibull-changelog: docs/index.md

[![Nox badge](https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull-changelog/workflows/nox/badge.svg?event=push&branch=main)](https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull-changelog/actions?query=workflow%3A%22nox%22+branch%3Amain)
[![Codecov badge](https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/ansible-community/antsibull-changelog)](https://codecov.io/gh/ansible-community/antsibull-changelog)

> > Need help or want to discuss the project? See our [Community guide](https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/antsibull-changelog/community/) to learn how to join the conversation!

Reviewer: I don't think this should come **before** the main information for the project itself. Can you please move it before line 27 (i.e. before the start of the next section)?

> > Need help or want to discuss the project? See our [Community guide](https://ansible.readthedocs.io/projects/antsibull-changelog/community/) to learn how to join the conversation!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Need help or want to discuss the project? See our [Community guide](community.md) to learn how to join the conversation!
```

To see how antsibull-changelog changes, please look at the
[antsibull-changelog changelog](https://github.com/ansible-community/antsibull-changelog/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md).

> > Need help or want to discuss the project? See our [Community guide](community.md) to learn how to join the conversation!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
    Need help or want to discuss the project? See our [Community guide](community.md) to learn how to join the conversation!
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Is this really how you want this to look?
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/22431550-9e4a-46d1-8e87-9ffc6098b95f)

If not, remove the `>` above.

Reviewer: Alternatively, you can make it a proper note:
```md
!!! note
    Need help or want to discuss the project? See our [Community guide](community.md) to learn how to join the conversation!
```

Reviewer: The result looks like this:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/15d1ee42-6b2c-4cf2-bc3b-8933eefa5ff6)

Author: LGTM, thanks! didn't know that
